Add flash component documentation and example (#49)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: docs/user-guide/flash_component.md

```python
@dataclass
class FlashField:
    field_type: FlashFieldType
    size: int
```
This dataclass uses the previously shown `Enum` with our various field types. We just need to specify the field type and the size for each `FlashField` and provide them in order. An example:
```python
FlashAttributes(
    data_block_format=[
        FlashField(FlashFieldType.DATA, 512),
        FlashField(FlashFieldType.ECC, 16),
    ],
)
```

The `ecc_attributes` is also important for any dumps that include ECC. You have the option of providing the algorithms for encoding, decoding, and correcting the data. In addition, this is where the magic and any delimiter bytes are specified. The definition:
```python
class FlashEccAttributes(ResourceAttributes):
    ecc_class: Optional[EccAlgorithm] = None
    ecc_magic: Optional[bytes] = None
    head_delimiter: Optional[bytes] = None
    first_data_delimiter: Optional[bytes] = None
    data_delimiter: Optional[bytes] = None
    last_data_delimiter: Optional[bytes] = None
    tail_delimiter: Optional[bytes] = None
```

> ### Running the component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running the Flash components
```

> It can be used like any other component after first tagging the resource as `FlashResource` and then adding the attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flash components can be used like any other OFRAK components. The first step is to tag a resource as a [FlashResource][ofrak_components.flash.FlashResource] and tag it with its flash resource attributes:
```

```python
# Create root resource and tag
root_resource = await ofrak_context.create_root_resource_from_file(IN_FILE)
root_resource.add_tag(FlashResource)
await root_resource.save()

# Add our attributes
root_resource.add_attributes(CUSTOM_FLASH_ATTRIBUTES)
await root_resource.save()
```

> We have included an example that unpacks a provided flash dump, makes a modification, and repacks it into the same format in [`Example 9: Flash Modification`](`https://ofrak.com/docs/examples/ex9_flash_modification.html`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Example 9: Flash Modification](https://ofrak.com/docs/examples/ex9_flash_modification.html) for example usage of these components.
```
